for all of that milk and curd and there we have a fifpro tennis frei
frodo pcf we'll drown run or not in morovis 2 courtesy of a friend told me
who lent me the game
this is three times and you will be
the game seems to me that it has a balance but it feels to me
feels like a new game because it is not or yemen and has very
interesting and I think they are better than new challenges
percent in general morón the challenges of the present then more competitive
however a
percent in the competitive prisoner swap because as I know I do not
in the morbid was the first
I think they are only putting me in the game because
do not be more for example than the 25 3
the previous one had been like 25 6 and the previous one had been
it takes off bogado at least in maps that I know won us very
easily
percent and it's not because I'm terrific because I'm not
in but because I felt that my rival sony
Well, very bad
Acta accepted when they are in danger maps that have to do with
jones there are no persecuted
I'm tweeting in this game if it's different than being a sniper in the new
results
there is no singing floor
then no
uu uu was never yours look more quickly
i do not know why his teachers do not have hard his two costumes
camouflage
even after which they come
as an abnormal
you have to ask much more skill to shoot know what to investigate
and by the way if you add the three I think then I'm going to leave you here
it was not like that because it persists gambling halls
good yes using the m 5
the mp5 I think it's called with percent is upward they were because only by
use guns that is something that is very interesting
I have roberts
the first pack
it took us two wednesdays to see so is the first park is to have them min
Critical force is like having a third weapon
the missiles
the second project is iu and upyd
i
and the Villarreal I think it's for estimated buying
and this sector this before ips that in conditions
it's something like a marathon but
the difference that here is spent
in new challenges in it is trying the window always come out of the other
platinum flight
in morbid salaries or can not run with marathon unlimitedly never tires
aquino and that in this one is a little more realistic one if you get married when you are not
running with be in conditions
by the way
in the former kiosks in this game others derrick x excuse
haiti is firing at him to have had to compete but no no no no
worse there is no interest prix other
I do not know where you are going the sacca while I left so disparate players have
those things and that study
and I who thought that you worry
verón pain of webos tm
new challenges here there is also a principle of not being and how it is put to
plus
percent
the jokes ex in this game is wrongly done because even after death
but fourth quarter starts counting for trump
porq simoca competition sex is not I do not understand is frowned for example
if they will kill me now that they have just taken out by helicopter and will send helicopter
after death the helicopter begins its tag to the kiosks
Swiss experts
if one is intelligent
the prices that exist alarm toxqui you search immediately that does not take out the
First
the first to spot
all this and what they are called
here will send by helicopter
i is helicopter to go to play there
and if he wants to kill people by himself to get the
the 100
I mean, it seems to me that they corrected it, I move, not because I already
I imagine what would have happened if people were kept on a journey and could
starting the kiosk will make you endless
another reason why I'm enjoying playing this game more than
new challenges is because I'm not having the year playing here
lately like the last two or three weeks practically red
connect to any game when I connect any game immediately
the throne is terrible and the rest can not be given
and in this year
and the other reason is because I want to practice this game it looks a lot like
what has prevented that is going to be that no
black ops
for example the aspects as I said before you can not raise the sights quickly
because I'm not so deep roots
for second thing that there is not and is that the shotguns transport us to schools
primary expressing and who died
very smart
in this game only offers much more balanced something else than in black ops not
have this marathon although the sea to your marathon exists or to have a
Does like this one in critical condition
per hundred and the other the hours to see if you like us
the this map if I know him because he does not pay the actress the other game
but I'm going to try to upload games on maps that I do not know lizano because
Although it's not going badly, they do not really hear me because I do not know the
maps then
people kill other people first pull
for these two 11 video converts it really is not an extrama tutorial
basketry talk about some things I had in mind
and I thank you all the time and until the next see you later